                                Static
            

        When We create a class -> no memory gets allocated for data members and member functions
        When we create an object of the class with new keyword -> memory gets allocated to its data member & member functions

        if you create 10 object of the class-> all the 10 object gets seperate memory space.

        Assume that we have 10000 students belongs to same college and we want a Student class

        class Student{
            int id;
            String name;
            String class;
            String collegeName;
        }

        I want to create 10000 such Student Objects to strore data of 10000 students, 
        here id, name, class details of 10000 students might be different but they belongs to same college so their college name
        will be same still we are allocating memory 10000 times.

        We can avoid this by using shared memory for this 10000 collegeName, by using static keyword.



        Static keyword is used for memory management.

        Static can be a 

        1) data member:
            The data members which me make as static are not the instance(object) level variable but those 
            are class level data members, meaning memory to static data members gets allocated when the class 
            gets created and not the object.

            Meaning once you set value to that static data member all the objects gets that same value, if
            in program execution we change that value all the subsequent calls will gets that changed value.


        2) member function(method):

            we can use static keyword in front of a method.
            - once we make a method as static that method belongs to the class and not the object.
            - we dont need an object of that class to call static method we can directly call it with class name.
            - static method can only access static data members, non static data members can not be accessed
                inside the static data members, reason is static method belongs to class and it can be called
                without creating an object of that class, and if we try to use non static member functions 
                which belongs to object we will not have any value for it if we are allowed to use it, that why java
                does not allow it.

        3) block:
            - If we create any block {some code} that code gets executed when object of that class gets created,
            but we can have static block static {some code} this static block gets executed when class loads into the 
            JVM.
            - static block belongs to class and not object so it can only access static data members and it can call
            static member functions.
            - static block is used to assign values to static data members.
